While support channels such as chat and social media are becoming more and more popular, there still are many different scenarios where customers like to engage over traditional voice channels.  Interactive Voice Response (IVR) is an automated phone system technology that allows incoming callers to access information via a voice response system of different pre-recorded messages without having to speak to an agent. It has been used in call centers for years to help direct incoming customers to the correct department or specialist.

Traditionally bots that are created in Power Virtual Agents have been used to provide support on text-based support channels such as chat, SMS, or through social media. However, any Power Virtual Agent bot, can be easily enabled for voice support. This means, that not only can your bot be used to provide support on the text channels, but that same bot could be leveraged when someone engages your organization through a voice channel. The bot will communicate with the customer using natural language understanding. This means that the customer is doing more than just following a series of voice prompts. They can have a conversation with the bot like how they would have a conversation with a live agent. 

Power Virtual Agents (PVA) lets you create powerful AI-powered chatbots that can assist with a range of requests, from providing simple answers to common questions, to resolving issues requiring complex conversations. One of the many advantages to Power Virtual Agents, is that bots can be easily created without the need without the need for data scientists or developers. This can dramatically reduce the amount of time it takes an organization to deploy a bot solution. 

Throughout the rest of this module, we will examine the process for configuring a Power Virtual Agent bot for voice capabilities. 
